W-Br Hi, Shenchao, (32) I'm practicing my presentation in the conference room across the hall, and the projector in there keeps shutting off. I think it's overheating. Has this happened to you?
M-Cn Oh, that projector is old. It really needs to be replaced. (33) If I were you, l'd just move to room 204 and practice there. Also, that room has a window. It's much nicer.
W-Br OK. Thanks.
M-Cn By the way, (34)you’ll need a special cable to connect to the control panel in that room. Here, you can use this one. Just leave it plugged in when you're finished.
32 What problem does the woman describe? A. A room is not available. B. A window will not open. C. A projector is not working. D. The weather has changed suddenly. Ans:C
33 What does the man suggest doing? A. Moving to a different room B. Calling a technician C. Canceling an event D. Ordering some supplies Ans:A
34 What does the man hand to the woman? A. An umbrella B. Some keys C. A cable D. Some printouts Ans:C

W-Am Hi. (35) I'm Amanda Hoffman, and I'm on the panel of publishing experts. I was told to check in here at the registration desk.
M-Au Yes, Ms. Hoffman. Welcome to the Portland Literary Conference. (36) Here's your registration packet, which includes a gift card to thank you for participating.
W-Am Oh, thank you. Just to confirm, the panel discussion begins at three P.M., right?
M-Au Yes, but (37) we do ask that all panel members arrive ten minutes beforehand. I hope you enjoy the conference!
35 What industry does Amanda Hoffman work in? A. Hospitality B. Healthcare C. Publishing D. Information technology Ans:C
36 According to the man, what is included in the registration packet? A. A map B. A gift card C. A schedule of events D. A certificate of attendance Ans:B
37 What does the man tell the woman to do? A. Arrive early B. Pay a fee C. Wear a name badge D. Choose a menu option Ans:A

W-Br (38) I'm looking for a gift for my brother's birthday party this weekend. He loves teas, and you have so many varieties!
M-Cn Well, (39) I could recommend a quality brand if you know what type he enjoys.
W-Br Oh, I'm not sure. Hmm. Maybe I should get him a gift card so he can choose his own.
M-Cn That's a good idea.
W-Br l'Il get one for 50 dollars. (40)Do your cards have an expiration date?
M-Cn Yes. We ask that they be used within one year of purchase.
38 What event will the woman attend this weekend? A. A wedding B. A birthday party C. A retirement dinner D. A graduation celebration Ans:B
39 What does the man offer to do? A. Authorize free shipping B. Apply a discount C. Provide a sample D. Make a recommendation Ans:D
40 What does the woman ask about? A. An expiration date B. A manufacturer’s guarantee C. The origin of a product D. The cost of a product Ans:A

M-Au: Thanks for meeting with us, Ms. Raj. (41) We're excited to learn about the product your company has developed for factories like ours.
W-Am: I’m happy to tell you about it. (42)It’s an application to monitor factory machines. It identifies problems in operations and generates a report about the efficiency of each machine.
M-Cn: That sounds great! We have about 100 machine operators here. How much training would be involved?
W-Am: About an hour's worth. (43)We provide a video with step-by-step instructions.
M-Au: Excellent. That’s good to know.
41 Why is the woman visiting? A. To promote a product B. To sign a contract C. To tour a facility D. To inspect some equipment Ans:A
42 What did the woman’s company design? A. A digital security system B. A device to lift heavy objects C. An application to monitor machines D. Protective clothing for workers Ans:C
43 What does the woman say her company can provide? A. A new client discount B. A training video C. An extended warranty D. Customer testimonials Ans:B

W-Am Hi. (44)l'd like to go to the Baldwin Theater. The address is 91 Circle Drive.
M-Cn (44)Sure, (45) but did you know they're resurfacing Circle Drive? (44)I just dropped someone off in that area.
W-Am Oh, really? I've got a ticket to a play, and the show starts at seven thirty. They don't let you in if you're late.
M-Cn Well, let me see. (45,46) I can turn onto Felton Street and cut over to Lancaster Drive. It's a little out of the way, but it'll get you close to the theater.
44 Who most likely is the man? A. A theater employee B. A taxi driver C. A train conductor D. A construction worker Ans:B
45 What is causing a problem? A. A truck is too heavy. B. An event has been delayed. C. A parking area is full. D. A road is closed. Ans:D
46 What does the man say he will do? A. Ask for a refund B. Take a different route C. Postpone a trip D. File a complaint Ans:B

W-Br Do you have a minute to discuss the budget for the upcoming Vancouver meeting? (47)I’ve looked over the travel requests you submitted for your team. Last year we sent only two representatives.
M-Au (47)Ms. Tamura has just given us approval to send three. In fact, (48)the clients are looking to expand their online service options, and the third representative we’re bringing is particularly knowledgeable about that.
W-Br OK. I guess we'll have to find savings somewhere else, then.
M-Au l’ve already looked into some new meeting venues. (49)The Renova Hotel is offering discounted corporate rates this month.
47 Why does the woman say, “Last year we sent only two representatives”? A. To explain a delay B. To compliment a team C. To point out that an event was unsuccessful D. To question a decision Ans:D
48 According to the man, what do some clients want to do? A. Increase their online offerings B. Obtain additional financing C. Open a new office D. Recruit more employees Ans:A
49 According to the man, what is the Renova Hotel offering this month? A. A new shuttle service B. A discount for businesses C. A flexible cancellation policy D. Complimentary meals Ans:B

W-Am Good morning. (50)l wanted to meet today to discuss the recent decline in our museum's ticket sales. You're the outreach coordinator, so I’m hoping you might have some ideas on how we can attract more community involvement.
M-Cn Well, (51)l recently read an article about a museum in Chicago that has a room where visitors can paint on the walls. It’s become very popular. We could try it here—we have that huge room on the third floor that isn’t being used.
W-Am That's a great idea. (52)Can you draft a list of the supplies we would need to make sure we have the budget for them?
50 What problem does the woman mention? A. A decrease in ticket sales B. A lack of exhibition space C. A colleague’s resignation D. A damaged painting Ans:A
51 What does the man suggest doing? A. Relocating an exhibit B. Consulting a specialist C. Adding security measures D. Introducing a new activity Ans:D
52 What will the man most likely do next? A. Write a press release B. Attend a budget meeting C. Make a list of supplies D. Plan a site visit Ans:C

W-Br Thilo, (53)this is Ms. Gao, a new customer. She’s purchasing an upholstered sofa. We just walked around our showroom, and she’s decided on our Hudson model.
M-Cn One of our best sellers!
W-Am It is really comfortable.
W-Br Can you assist her with the paperwork for our payment plan?
M-Cn Sure. Happy to help you, Ms. Gao. Are you getting the standard fabric?
W-Am No—I’d like to select a custom fabric.
M-Cn Just so you know, (54)the price will increase some with a custom order.
W-Am I think it’s worth the extra cost. It’ll really brighten up my living room.
M-Cn Wonderful. (55)Now in order to set up a payment plan, I'll need to see some identification. A driver's license will do.
53 Where most likely are the speakers? A. At a clothing factory B. At a bookstore C. At a tailor’s shop D. At a furniture store Ans:D
54 According to the man, why will a product cost more? A. It includes an extended warranty. B. It is a custom order. C. A rebate has expired. D. Shipping will be expedited. Ans:B
55 What does the man request? A. A purchase receipt B. A delivery address C. A form of identification D. An account number Ans:C

W-Am: Good morning, Mr. Tong. I’m here to check on my order. (56) How are the chairs coming along?
M-Cn: (56)The machines have been assembling them. They’re almost ready. Right over here.
W-Am: Wow, they look so nice!
M-Cn (57)Look at the curved shape of the back. The only way you can get that unique shape is by means of the specialized laser we use.
W-Am: Amazing! Can I also see the pullout sofa?
M-Cn: Not right now. It’s being treated with mineral oil. But (58)later today I should be able to take a photo and send it to you.
56 Where most likely are the speakers? A. At a hotel B. At a factory C. At a retail store D. At a trade show Ans:B
57 What feature does the man emphasize about some chairs? A. The color B. The price C. The shape D. The durability Ans:C
58 What does the man say he will do later? A. Modify a design B. E-mail a contract C. Create an invoice D. Send a photo Ans:D

M-Au: Hi, So-Jin. (59)I just heard that Ms. Yoon is retiring next month.
W-Br: l’ll be sorry to see her go. She was my mentor when I first joined the firm, and we've worked on dozens of projects together.
M-Au: (60) It's a bit hard to imagine our sales team without her. (61)Has anybody approached you about leading the team after she’s gone?
W-Br: (61)Yes, and I’ve thought about it. It’s a big step up, even for someone like me who's worked in Sales for eight years. And Human Resources hasn’t even posted the job description yet.
M-Au: Well, we need someone with experience.
59 What will happen next month? A. An award will be given. B. A new product will launch. C. A colleague will retire. D. An office will relocate. Ans:C
60 What department do the speakers work in? A. Sales B. Human Resources C. Legal D. Accounting Ans:A
61 What does the man imply when he says, “we need someone with experience”? A. The team has grown very quickly. B. The woman should apply for a job. C. A job description should be revised. D. A new manager is not experienced enough. Ans:B

W-Am: Rajesh, (62) It was nice to see you here in New York again this year.
M-Cn: Same here. (62) I look forward to attending the Theater Technology Conference again next year.
W-Am: (63) I really enjoyed your talk, especially the information you provided on acoustics. Is it published anywhere? I'd like to have a closerlook.
M-Cn: Actually, it is. You can find the article in last November’s issue of Theater Sound. It’s posted online.
W-Am: Great. I'll look it up.
M-Cn: Oh—(64)my train leaves in fourteen minutes. I have to get going. Safe travels, Camille!
62 Why are the speakers in New York? A. They saw a play. B. They attended a conference. C. They met with some clients. D. They viewed some real estate. Ans:B
63 What does the woman ask the man about? A. Locating some information B. Applying for a position C. Opening a branch office D. Making a reservation Ans:A
64 Look at the graphic. Where will the man travel to next? A. Shady Grove B. Braddock Bay C. Largo D. Ashburn Ans:C

M-Cn Welcome to Orlando’s Deli. If you’d like to try one of our daily specials, they’re on the board behind me.
W-Br Wow, that’s a great menu. (65)The vegetable curry looks good. Is it spicy?
M-Cn No, it’s very mild—but we just sold out, unfortunately.
W-Br In that case, (66)I’ll have the lasagna.
M-Cn Great choice. By the way, (67)we just opened our new patio this week in case you'd like to sit outside.
W-Br Actually, it is a beautiful day. (67)And your patio looks lovely.
65 What does the woman ask the man about? A. Whether a coupon is valid B. Whether a food is spicy C. Whether a drink is included D. Whether any seats are available Ans:B
66 Look at the graphic. Which special does the woman order? A. Special 1 B. Special 2 C. Special 3 D. Special 4 Ans:C
67 What will the woman most likely do next? A. Move her car B. Go to a patio C. Make a reservation D. Meet some friends Ans:B

W-Am I'm excited about our hike today here at Marina Park. And (68)I’m so glad we got to the park early before it gets crowded. Which trail should we hike?
M-Au Let’s take a look at the map. We’re at the visitor center, and there’s a shuttle that stops at different trailheads.
W-Am Right. It looks like the Creek Trail and the Pond Trail are fairly short. I’d like to do a more challenging hike.
M-Au OK. (69)How about the Waterfall Trail?
W-Am (69)That sounds good. And look—(70)there’s a video about the park. We can watch while we wait.
68 What is the woman happy about? A. She happened to meet some friends. B. The weather is perfect for an activity. C. The park was closer than expected. D. There are few people in the park. Ans:D
69 Look at the graphic. How far will the speakers hike? A. 7 kilometers B. 5 kilometers C. 2 kilometers D. 1 kilometer Ans:B
70 What can the speakers do while waiting for the shuttle? A. Buy some snacks B. Watch a video C. Visit a gift shop D. Rent some equipment Ans:B

Hi, Ms. Cho. I’m calling from Springdale Lights. (71)Yesterday, you ordered 24 of our purple solar lanterns for your upcoming event. (72)Unfortunately, our supplier won't be able to get us purple lanterns for another three weeks, so we only have yellow ones in stock. (73)We would like to offer you a ten percent discount on them to apologize for this. Please call us back to confirm whether you'd like the yellow solar lights, and we'll set them aside for you.
71 What did the listener do yesterday? A. She placed an order. B. She scheduled an event. C. She called a manager. D. She painted some rooms. Ans:A
72 What problem does the speaker mention? A. A price has increased. B. A machine needs to be repaired. C. A product is not available. D. A performance has been canceled. Ans:C
73 What does the speaker offer the listener? A. Expedited shipping B. A full refund C. A free consultation D. A discount Ans:D

M-Au (74)Welcome to Osterwind Estate. The former owner, Ms. Yuping Wei, was a famous painter. What's special about this estate is that Ms. Wei designed it herself, including the landscaping. (75)We're asking volunteers to clear debris from the walkways around the gardens in preparation for the estate’s first season as a public park. You can pick up a bag and gloves from the patio area. And remember, be sure to see me as you check out before you leave. (76)All volunteers are eligible for a complimentary visitor pass that you can use to access the estate and attend any events held here all summer long.
74 According to the speaker, what is special about Osterwind Estate? A. It houses many historic paintings. B. It was designed by its owner. C. It includes a botanical garden. D. It is used as a museum. Ans:B
75 Why are the listeners at Osterwind Estate? A. To attend an awards ceremony B. To apply for landscaping jobs C. To take a tour of a building D. To clean up some gardens Ans:D
76 What will the listeners receive? A. Gift-shop coupons B. Free passes C. Lunch boxes D. T-shirts Ans:B

M-Cn Good morning, Ms. Espinosa. This is Marcel Fournier. It's Saturday morning, and I'm on my way to the airport. This is a little out of the ordinary, but (77)l'm calling because in my haste I left a note with Mr. Hang's mobile phone number on my office desk. He's picking me up from the airport, and I'll be stuck if I can't reach him. (77,78)I'll need you to go into the office and text me with the number. I know this is inconvenient. (79)I'll check my messages once I land in San Diego.
77 Who most likely is the listener? A. A travel agent B. An administrative assistant C. A flight attendant D. A security guard Ans:B
78 Why does the speaker say, “I know this is inconvenient”? A. To suggest a deadline extension B. To report on an additional cost C. To offer an alternative solution D. To apologize for a request Ans:D
79 What will the speaker do when he arrives in San Diego? A. Retrieve his messages B. Check in to a hotel C. Change a flight reservation D. Visit a company office Ans:A

W-Am Hi, everyone! Thanks for watching today. If you're new to my channel, you should know that (80) my videos focus on ways that we can repurpose common objects so that they don’t end up in landfills. In this video, you'll learn how to make candles from old and leftover crayons. (81)Your first step is to collect the items you'll need. You may already have some old crayons around the house, or you can ask your friends and neighbors for theirs. I'll be covering a lot of steps, but don’t worry, (82)a full written version of the instructions is available on my Web site. I recommend downloading those later for future reference.
80 What does the speaker say her videos are usually about? A. How to plan trips B. How to reuse items C. How to organize closets D. How to draw landscapes Ans:B
81 What first step does the speaker mention? A. Writing a list B. Finding coupons C. Gathering supplies D. Looking at images online Ans:C
82 According to the speaker, what can the listeners do on a Web site? A. Enter a contest B. Subscribe to a video channel C. Submit some photographs D. Download some instructions Ans:D

W-Br Thank you all for coming to this press conference. As you know, (83)the Grand Falls Bridge improvement work has been underway for almost a year. We're nearing the final stage of sanding and painting the newly built portions. (84) I know the fishing community has expressed concern over the potential environmental impact of this project on our local marine life. Well, all required studies were conducted a year ago. I'll take some questions now. (85) After that, our special-events coordinator will discuss the bridge-opening ceremony that’s being planned.
83 What is the speech mainly about? A. A financial report B. A round of promotions C. A product prototype D. A construction project Ans:D
84 Why does the speaker say, “all required studies were conducted a year ago”? A. To correct a timeline error B. To provide reassurance C. To deny responsibility for a problem D. To argue that a new study is needed Ans:B
85 What will the next speaker discuss? A. A job fair B. A school opening C. A ceremony D. A sporting event Ans:C

W-Am Hello, Mr. Smith. (86) I hope you’re getting settled into your office space in our building. I’m calling about some large packages that arrived for your company last week. We're keeping them for you in the storage room downstairs. (87)The lease agreement says management will hold packages for five days. It's been ten days. Please give me a call and let me know when you can come down to claim them so (88)I can be there to open the storage room door for you.
86 Who most likely is the speaker? A. A salesperson B. A government official C. An interior designer D. A building manager Ans:D
87 Why does the speaker say, “It’s been ten days”? A. To explain an expense B. To point out a problem C. To make an offer D. To thank a colleague Ans:B
88 What does the speaker offer to do? A. Open the door to a room B. Reset a password C. Send a copy of a document D. Refund a payment Ans:A

(89)Our next story concerns Ferndale Valley. It’s well-known that the area is one of the windiest locations in the region, and one company would like to take advantage of that natural energy source. Breeze Capture hopes to install dozens of wind turbines by the end of next year. (90)The company is looking for local farmers who are interested in leasing some of their land for the project. (91)In addition to being paid for the land use, participants will also be compensated for the energy that is generated by the turbines. For more information, e-mail info@breezecapture.com.
89 What is mentioned about Ferndale Valley? A. It is heavily forested. B. It attracts many tourists. C. It is developing quickly. D. It is very windy. Ans:D
90 Who will participate in a project? A. Biologists B. Farmers C. Airline pilots D. Real estate agents Ans:B
91 What will the participants receive? A. Tickets to an industry event B. Technical assistance C. Financial compensation D. Advertising advice Ans:C

M-Cn Hello, Mr. Kimura. (92)l'm calling from Feras Portable Storage. You recently ordered a container to store and move your household belongings in. (93)I'm calling to confirm that your container will be delivered tomorrow morning at nine o'clock. The driver will place it in your driveway. After the delivery, if you could, (94)please complete the customer feedback survey that we'll e-mail you. It will help us to improve our service. Thanks.
92 What kind of business does the speaker work for? A. A construction firm B. A landscaping service C. A storage company D. An auto repair shop Ans:C
93 Why is the speaker calling? A. To apologize for a cancellation B. To confirm a delivery C. To share a price quote D. To update some contact information Ans:B
94 What does the speaker ask the listener to do? A. Purchase a warranty B. Complete a survey C. Clean up an area D. Apply for a permit Ans:B

W-Am (95)This is the custodial staff's cabinet for cleaning supplies. As part of your training, you'll be expected to learn which cleaning solutions are used for different surfaces in the hotel, such as carpet and tile flooring. (96)The spray bottle on the top shelf, Baxlon, is for glass surfaces. The product directly under the spray bottle is brand new. It was just released this month, and it’s excellent for polishing furniture. Oh, and (97)every Tuesday at one o'clock, a delivery truck brings any supplies that we're low on. Don’t forget to check that.
95 What is the purpose of the talk? A. To discuss a schedule B. To consider changing suppliers C. To train employees D. To develop an inventory system Ans:C
96 Look at the graphic. Which product does the speaker say is new? A. Klennlee B. Baxlon C. Z-Factor D. Clean Sure Ans:D
97 What happens at one o’clock on Tuesdays? A. An expense report is due. B. A work shift begins. C. A staff meeting is held. D. A delivery arrives. Ans:D

M-Au Welcome back to this professional development workshop. (98)We’ll continue from where we left off in our discussion on advertising through social media using videos, and we'll end today’s meeting by performing a group task. (98)Last week, we discussed the planning phase for a video marketing campaign. (99)Today, we'll move on to the production phase. During this phase, you'll need to ensure that high-quality equipment is used for lighting and camera work and that you have the best video editors you can get for the job. (100)We're very lucky to have an expert here today to talk about her experience with the process. Please give your attention to Usha Madan.
98 What is the topic of the course? A. Marketing B. Investing C. Documentary filmmaking D. Software development Ans:A
99 Look at the graphic. Which step will be discussed today? A. Step 1 B. Step 2 C. Step 3 D. Step 4 Ans:C
100 What will the listeners do next? A. Read a handout B. Watch a video C. Take a coffee break D. Listen to a guest speaker Ans:D
