M-Cn: (32)The renovations we’re planning for the theater are long overdue.
w-Br: (32) I'm glad we have time between productions so we can get the work done.
M-Cn: I agree—and even though (33)it’s great that our latest musical production has had such a successful run, we can all use the break.
W-Br: Plus, (34)it gives us time to focus on next month’s fund-raiser.
M-Cn: (34)Hopefully we'll raise enough money at that event to replace the old lighting system too.
32 What are the speakers mainly discussing? A. Theater renovations B. Changes to a performance schedule C. Selection of a new lighting director D. A promotional gift Ans:A
33 What does the man say about a musical production? A. It was based on a book. B. It has been successful. C. It will be performed overseas. D. Some casting changes were made. Ans:B
34 What event are the speakers planning? A. A press conference B. A fund-raiser C. An audition D. An autograph session Ans:B

M-Au: Fernanda, (35) I wanted to tell you that the top candidate we chose for the customer-care position just accepted our job offer. I'll send him a contract later today.
W-Am: Great! But now I think we need a bigger office space for our business. With the new hire, there'll be ten of us in the office.
M-Au: I agree. Our lease expires next month, so we should look at a different space. (36)There’s a new office building on Second Street. It has solar panels, so all of its energy comes from renewable sources.
W-Am: (36) I like that. (37)But I’m worried we may not be able to afford the lease.
M-Au: We'll see. I'll contact the rental agency today.
35 What did the speakers recently do? A. They launched a new product. B. They chose a job candidate. C. They moved to a different city. D. They renovated a space. Ans:B
36 What do the speakers like about a building? A. It provides 24-hour access. B. It has an outdoor space. C. It is near public transportation. D. It uses renewable energy. Ans:D
37 What is the woman worried about? A. A new competitor B. A longer commute C. A high price D. An upcoming deadline Ans:C

M-Au: How can I help you?
W-Br: Hi, (38,39) I'd like to order a cake for my son's birthday next week. He really likes dinosaurs.
M-Au: (39) I have several different dinosaur-shaped pans for you to choose from.
W-Br: Actually, (40)I was hoping you could make a standing cake instead of a flat one.
M-Au: Oh, I see. (40) I'm sorry. I do have someone on staff who can make those, but she's all booked up for the next few weeks. Try Carmen's Creations on Pine Street.
38 What event is the woman planning? A. A retirement party B. A birthday party C. A science fair D. A school festival Ans:B
39 Who most likely is the man? A. A baker B. A musician C. A gardener D. A teacher Ans:A
40 Why does the man apologize? A. Some tools cannot be found. B. Some invitations were sent late. C. A store is closed for a holiday. D. A request cannot be fulfilled. Ans:D

W-Am: Hello, you've reached Quick Phone Repair Service.
M-Cn: Hi, (41)I went online to schedule a repair for my mobile phone, but all appointments in your store were booked for today. Have you had any cancellations?
W-Am: No, unfortunately not. What's the problem with your phone?
M-Cn: (42)The phone only lasts about an hour before it has to be recharged.
W-Am: It sounds like you need a new battery. (43)If you come to the store now, we can try to fit you in as a walk-in appointment. You may have to wait around for a bit.
M-Cn: (43) I don’t mind waiting.
41 What did the man try to do online? A. Purchase a new phone B. Make an appointment C. Order a part D. Cancel a contract Ans:B
42 What does the man say is wrong with his mobile phone? A. It has a short battery life. B. The screen is damaged. C. A cable is missing. D. It has limited storage space. Ans:A
43 What will the man most likely do next? A. Speak with a manager B. Call technical support C. Visit a store D. Restart a device Ans:C

M-Au: Asako, (44)how far along are you on that news report about the bank merger? If you want it to be included in tomorrow morning’s newspaper, it has to be on my desk by nine p.m.
W-Am: Well, (45)I'm still doing research for this article. I’m having trouble getting all the facts from the people involved. They haven't returned my phone calls.
M-Au: Well, we can’t print the story without confirming the details. But (46)if you can have it finished by Wednesday night, I can put it in Thursday’s paper.
44 Where do the speakers most likely work? A. At a bank B. At a research laboratory C. At a newspaper company D. At a legal firm Ans:C
45 Why has the woman been unable to finish a task? A. She needs a manager’s signature. B. She cannot access her files. C. She cannot get the necessary information. D. Some data are incorrect. Ans:C
46 What solution does the man propose? A. Changing a deadline B. Scheduling a meeting C. Asking a colleague for help D. Reviewing some documents Ans:A

M-Cn: (47)We'll have to remove the soil from the garden bed and lay down drainpipes that'll take the water out through holes in the retaining wall.
W-Am: Sounds like a lot of work, but it'll be worth it to be able to grow the garden that I want to.
M-Cn: Do you think you’d like bricks or stones for the retaining wall? Many homeowners prefer brick because it creates a nice, uniform look. But (48) stones will last longer. They are more expensive, though.
W-Am: I don’t want to have to make repairs.
M-Cn: You have several different kinds of stones to choose from. (49) I have some pictures of projects I’ve completed in the past you can look at.
47 What kind of work does the man do? A. Appliance repair B. Painting C. Landscaping D. Roofing Ans:C
48 What does the woman imply when she says, “I don’t want to have to make repairs”? A. She is not qualified for a task. B. She prefers durable materials. C. She will buy a new appliance. D. She is not happy with a cost estimate. Ans:B
49 What will the man show to the woman? A. A list of prices B. A license C. Some references D. Some photographs Ans:D

W-Br: Good morning. You've reached Accounts Payable.
M-Cn: Hi. I'm calling from the editorial department. (50)One of our freelance writers has not received payment yet, so I'm calling to inquire about it. Her contract number is 9356.
W-Br: OK, let me check. Hmm. It looks like she should have been paid last week. But (51)Adem handles those requests, and he was on vacation. He’s just catching up today.
M-Cn: (52)Do you have an estimate of how long it will take to process the request?
W-Br: (52)I’m not sure, but I can speak to Adem.
50 Why is the man calling? A. To track a shipment B. To ask about a payment C. To close an account D. To request computer help Ans:B
51 According to the woman, what caused a delay? A. An employee was out of the office. B. A software program was updated. C. A document was mislabeled. D. A new policy was implemented. Ans:A
52 What information will the woman most likely provide later? A. A cost breakdown B. An account number C. A time estimate D. A phone number Ans:C

M-Au: I’m the general manager (53)here at Rev It Auto Repair, and this is Mr. Singh, our service manager. We're eager to hear how your product can benefit our shop.
W-Am: Well, (54)my product is called Video Room. It’s a library of short videos that your business can offer in the waiting room. These videos will explain common auto repairs and educate your customers on the repair process.
M-Cn: (55)Can we add our own customized content? I’d love to include a description of our exclusive lifetime warranty.
M-Au: Yes. And (55)can we also add at-home auto- care advice?
53 Where does the conversation take place? A. At a game arcade B. At a grocery store C. At an auto repair shop D. At a parking garage Ans:C
54 What type of product does the woman mention? A. Some videos B. Some brochures C. A price scanner D. A mobile phone application Ans:A
55 What do the men want to do? A. Extend business hours B. Enter a local contest C. Include customized content D. Upgrade some equipment Ans:C

M-Au: Hi, Carmen. (56)l’ve just reviewed the outline you gave me for the nature documentary we’re making. I think it’ll be a great film, but I’m a bit concerned. I want it to be less than an hour.
W-Br: (57) I understand. I'll take another look at it and see where I can take out some unnecessary scenes from the storyboard.
M-Au: Great. In the meantime, (58) I need to follow up with our camera team to make sure they have all the equipment they need to begin filming.
56 What industry do the speakers most likely work in? A. Fashion photography B. Information technology C. Filmmaking D. Marketing Ans:C
57 What does the man imply when he says, “I want it to be less than an hour”? A. He is very busy. B. He approves an itinerary. C. A route has a lot of traffic. D. Some revisions are needed. Ans:D
58 Why does the man need to contact a team? A. To explain a permit procedure B. To confirm equipment availability C. To introduce a colleague D. To devise a safety plan Ans:B

M-Au: Kriti and Melissa, (59) I reviewed the results of the soil tests yesterday, and (60)most of the sports fields we manage have healthy soil. But unfortunately, the baseball field on Smith Drive has elevated levels of potassium.
W-Am: The grass on that field is so brown and weedy. Now we know why.
W-Br: (60)We’ll need to order some special fertilizer to put on it. Do you think we need approval to do that?
M-Au: Yes—since it’s an unforeseen expense, it has to be approved by the acquisitions department. (61) Melissa, do you have time to prepare a cost estimate?
W-Br: (61)Sure. It won’t take long. I'll send it by lunchtime, and I'll cc you both on the e-mail.
59 What did the man review yesterday? A. A budget B. A weather report C. Some test results D. Some hiring plans Ans:C
60 What do the speakers hope to do? A. Improve the condition of a sports field B. Expand the city’s athletic programs C. Plan a fund-raising event D. Acquire more public land Ans:A
61 What will Melissa send by e-mail? A. A summary of work tasks B. A letter of appreciation C. A news article D. A cost estimate Ans:D

w-Am: Rodrigo, (62)you wanted to talk to me about the schedule for the bowling leagues at our alley?
M-Cn: Yes. As you know, many of the members in the adult league have young children who participate in the junior league. And (63)they explained to me that it would be really convenient if we moved the junior league to the same night that the adult league plays. That way they could all come together on the same night.
W-Am: (63)That’s a great idea. We have a few available bowling lanes on that day that the junior league can use. (63,64) I’ll e-mail the parents of the junior bowlers and let them know the day will change starting next month.
62 Where do the speakers work? A. At a bowling alley B. At a swimming pool C. At an ice-skating rink D. At a baseball field Ans:A
63 Look at the graphic. On which day will the Junior League meet starting next month? A. Monday B. Tuesday C. Wednesday D. Thursday Ans:D
64 What does the woman say she will do? A. Hang a poster B. Send an e-mail C. Deliver a package D. Process a payment Ans:B

M-Cn: Hi. Where can I find a schedule of library events?
W-Br: Oh, I’ve got it right here. We usually have events almost every day, but (65) we're closed this Friday. The library is being used for the district elections.
M-Cn: I see. (66)Are there any movies showing?
W-Br: (66)Yes, there’s one on Thursday evening.
M-Cn: Oh, too bad. (67)I’m away for a client meeting on Thursday.
W-Br: Well, (67)if you like Sumit Mehta’s books, you might be interested in his book signing.
M-Cn: I do like his novels! (67) Thanks, I’ll come back for that.
65 According to the woman, why will the library be closed on Friday? A. An election will be held there. B. Some renovations will take place. C. Bad weather is expected. D. A national holiday will be observed. Ans:A
66 What schedule conflict does the man mention? A. He has a family obligation. B. His car will be at a mechanic’s shop. C. He will be attending a performance. D. He has a business meeting. Ans:D
67 Look at the graphic. When will the man most likely attend a library event? A. On Monday B. On Tuesday C. On Wednesday D. On Thursday Ans:C

W-Br: Good news, Tariq. (68)We'll have enough money to make those repairs to the bridge over the fish pond that you mentioned. (69)We've been awarded a grant to make some repairs to the park grounds.
M-Au: That's great! (68)That bridge needs a new coat of paint to protect it from the elements. I think I sent you a list of paint colors when I first talked to you about the project.
W-Br: You did. (70)Because it’s such an iconic symbol of the park, and it’s in so many photographs, we want it to be as close to the original color as when it was first built, even though that’s the most expensive option on the list.
68 What is the conversation about? A. Extending a fence B. Building a storage shed C. Repairing a bridge D. Updating an entrance area Ans:C
69 According to the woman, how is a project being funded? A. With donations from visitors B. With money from a grant C. With revenue from ticket sales D. With proceeds from a charity auction Ans:B
70 Look at the graphic. Which color does the woman select? A. Garden Green B. Misty Blue C. Sunrise Peach D. Antique White Ans:B

M-Au: Hi, everyone—big news. (71,72)Our clinic is getting a check-in kiosk. (72)What this means is that patients will be able to check themselves in to their medical appointments by clicking through some buttons in the kiosk. You will no longer have to do it for them. I know all of you have been very busy answering phones, scheduling appointments, and checking patients in, so hopefully, this helps to make your work easier. (73)We'll have a very short training session next Tuesday on how the check-in kiosk works.
71 Where does the talk most likely take place? A. At a medical clinic B. At an airport C. At a fitness center D. At a bank Ans:A
72 What is mainly being discussed? A. A hiring decision B. A marketing campaign C. A customer satisfaction survey D. An electronic check-in system Ans:D
73 What will happen next Tuesday? A. A new security system will be installed. B. A branch location will open. C. A training session will take place. D. A product will be delivered. Ans:C

W-Br: (74)Welcome to a new episode of Tomorrow's Technology. Today we'll be talking about drones. If you're planning to buy your first drone, here are a few things you need to know. (75)To begin with, if you want to use the device for commercial purposes, such as photography or videography, then you'll need to apply for a license. (76) I'll share some resources at the end of this podcast to guide your application process.
74 Who is the podcast intended for? A. Party organizers B. Travel agents C. Technology enthusiasts D. Carpenters Ans:C
75 According to the speaker, what will some listeners need? A. An insurance policy B. A letter of recommendation C. An event venue D. A license Ans:D
76 What information will the speaker share? A. Application instructions B. Retail locations C. Names of instructors D. User reviews Ans:A

M-Au: (77)Attention, exhibitors. Welcome to the Digital Signage Expo, where representatives selling digital billboards and video displays can interact directly with buyers. The exhibit hall will open in fifteen minutes. (78)To ensure everyone's safety, we request that you clear your exhibit area of boxes and debris and be sure cables and electrical cords are securely taped to the floor. (79) And remember, the exhibit hall will close at five p.m. today so that exhibitors can attend this evening’s reception. That will be held in the building’s main lobby.
77 Who are the listeners? A. Mechanical engineers B. Trade show participants C. Government officials D. Laboratory assistants Ans:B
78 What does the speaker request that the listeners do? A. Take safety precautions B. Sign a registration sheet C. Wear name tags D. Move their vehicles Ans:A
79 What will take place in the evening? A. A debate B. An award ceremony C. A film screening D. A reception Ans:D

M-Cn: (80)Welcome to Money Reveals, the podcast for smart investors. This week, I'll be discussing the best tips for amateur investors, if you're just getting started. But first, this episode is brought to you by CodeWord. (81)Don’t search online for discount coupons any longer! CodeWord is a software application that scans the Internet for promotional codes and applies them to your online shopping cart. If CodeWord finds any discounts, an Apply Coupon button will automatically appear at checkout. (82)What's more, the first 100 listeners to use the download link on my Web site will receive free music festival tickets.
80 Who most likely is the speaker? A. A customer service representative B. A software developer C. A podcast host D. An event coordinator Ans:C
81 According to the speaker, what can a software application be used for? A. Making travel reservations B. Uploading documents C. Managing subscriptions D. Searching for discounts Ans:D
82 How can the listeners receive some free tickets? A. By clicking on a link B. By signing up for a newsletter C. By buying a product in-store D. By writing a review Ans:A

W-Br: Hi. (83) This is So-Jin—in Apartment 2A. I just moved into the complex last month. (83,84) I’m calling about a problem with my kitchen sink. (84) The drain is completely clogged, so the water won't go down. (85) I've tried a few different drain cleaning products, but they didn’t help. I think I've done all I can do. I’m at work now, but I'll be home this afternoon. (85) Could you call me back, so we can arrange a time to meet there? Thanks.
83 Who is the speaker most likely calling? A. A store owner B. A property manager C. A delivery driver D. A restaurant supplier Ans:B
84 What problem does the speaker have? A. Some appliances have not arrived. B. Some boxes have been damaged. C. A water cooler is not working. D. A sink is not draining. Ans:D
85 Why does the speaker say, “I think I’ve done all I can do”? A. To request that the listener give her a refund B. To indicate that she needs the listener’s assistance C. To explain why she enrolled in a training course D. To confirm that a task has been completed Ans:B

M-Cn: (86)Next Tuesday the eleventh is our office cleanup. We'll have bins stationed all around the office for you to put garbage and recycling in. Be sure to shred any documents that have private client information on them. (87)Our office manager Rajeev has rented some extra document shredders for us to use. Thanks for taking care of that, Rajeev. Now, (88)we’ve hired two new accountants who are supposed to start in a month, and we need to make space for their desks. Now that our work is mostly paperless, the south corner of the office has a lot of empty file cabinets.
86 What will the listeners do next Tuesday? A. Renew their contracts B. Clean their offices C. Visit a recycling center D. Greet new clients Ans:B
87 What does the speaker thank Rajeev for doing? A. Paying for refreshments B. Reserving a meeting room C. Arranging transportation D. Renting some equipment Ans:D
88 Why does the speaker say, “the south corner of the office has a lot of empty file cabinets”? A. To suggest a location for some desks B. To indicate where some files should be stored C. To explain that a task has already been completed D. To ask for more office supplies to be ordered Ans:A

M-Au: Hello, and (89)thank you for calling Ziegler Incorporated, the area’s top supplier of office paper. Due to bad weather conditions last week, roads around our warehouse were closed. As a result, (90)customers may be experiencing delays in receiving their recent orders. Now that the roads are clear, we’ve resumed deliveries. However, we'll need a few days to catch up. To make up for this inconvenience, we're offering customers a twenty percent discount on their next purchase. To claim the discount, enter your invoice number on our Web site. (91)Once you do, your discount code will arrive in an e-mail.
89 What does Ziegler Incorporated sell? A. Office paper B. Gardening tools C. Computers D. Car parts Ans:A
90 According to the speaker, what problem is the company experiencing? A. Staffing shortages B. Shipping delays C. Limited warehouse space D. Insufficient inventory Ans:B
91 What will arrive in an e-mail? A. Some contact information B. An order form C. A discount code D. A price list Ans:C

W-Am: As members of the city’s Arts Commission, it's our responsibility to manage arts programs and initiatives. (92)The mayor's decision to redevelop the Hoverton District is welcome news across the community. And for our commission, it’s an opportunity to integrate sculptures into public spaces there. (93)We’ll need to determine what overall community themes should be addressed and prioritized. So I think it’s important that we conduct a survey regarding the residents’ preferences. It’s a diverse community with a range of perspectives to consider. (94)And, of course, in order for the artwork to be built, we'll need to hire a skilled artist for the task. I think Alvaro Gomez has won several awards.
92 What has the mayor decided to do? A. Run for election again B. Redevelop an area of the city C. Host an art festival D. Provide public art classes Ans:B
93 What is the goal of a survey? A. To decide on a theme B. To raise money for a project C. To educate the public about a problem D. To recruit some volunteers Ans:A
94 Why does the speaker say, “I think Alvaro Gomez has won several awards”? A. To correct some information B. To praise a museum exhibit C. To recommend a suitable candidate D. To congratulate a colleague Ans:C

W-Br: Good afternoon, Mr. Kwon,(95)this is Olga Popova from the Smith Theater. You’re next on the wait list for theater tickets. On your preference form, you requested four tickets together in either the orchestra or the mid-balcony. Unfortunately, those sections are completely sold out on the date you requested. (96)But I do have four tickets together in the lower balcony for that date. I’ll be happy to set aside those tickets if you'd like. I can hold this request for 24 hours. (97)Please call our box office as soon as possible to let me know if you're still interested.
95 Who most likely is the speaker? A. A seating usher B. A band director C. A stage actor D. A sales agent Ans:D
96 Look at the graphic. How much do tickets in the available section cost? A. $75 B. $100 C. $125 D. $150 Ans:C
97 What does the listener need to do within 24 hours? A. Make a phone call B. Send in a payment C. Pick up an item D. Fill out a form Ans:A

W-Am: Welcome to this bus tour of the Kensey Harbor. (98) Unfortunately, one of the stops on our itinerary, the museum, is closed, and we won't be able to visit it. (99)The museum had a water pipe burst overnight. It looks like repair and cleanup work will last this whole week. I apologize, since I know many of you were looking forward to seeing the museum’s exhibit on local fish. (100)To make up for this, we’re providing complimentary meal vouchers so you can enjoy a free lunch, on us, when we get to the area around the cannery.
98 Look at the graphic. Which stop has been canceled? A. Stop 1 B. Stop 2 C. Stop 3 D. Stop 4 Ans:C
99 Why has a stop been canceled? A. A guest speaker is unavailable. B. A building is undergoing maintenance. C. An area has closed for a festival. D. A private event has been scheduled. Ans:B
100 What will the listeners receive? A. A refund B. A souvenir C. A printed map D. Meal vouchers Ans:D
